This is a Blog Post website where we can create our account(s) and post blog(s). Name of the website is MILLERS SHUCK.
It consists of 5 main pages which are:

1. dashboard.php
2. login.php and register.php
3. contact.php
4. Main Panel : 1. posts.php
                2. profile.php
                3. view-post.php
                4. settings.php
5. logout.php 


Talking about Software used, the whole website is made with PHP, HTML and CSS. For creating the frontend part, HTML and CSS is used and for connecting to the database (backend part), PHP and MYSQL is used. 
FrontEnd: HTML and CSS
BackEnd: PHP and MYSQL

STEPS:
1. LOGIN: 
First we will go to url and the website's first page i.e dashboard will open. Here we can login if we already have a account(whose data has been stored prevously into the phpmyadmin database) by entering email and password and then click login to enter into the vlog post page. Then the dashboard page will get open.

2. REGISTER:|
If we are a new user, first we need to create an account by entering username, email and create a password. Then we will be logged in into the website.


3. DASHBOARD: 
After logging in, We will enter to the dashboard page.
On the left side there is navigation bar where our name and posts will be visible under the my posts tab. And on the right side , total blogs posted by us will be shown. By clicking on my posts tab, we can create new post(by clicking on new post) where we can write our daily blog or post reviews etc., add pictures and create content. After that we need to submit it through submit button and our content will be posted.
on the right side of the page, there are total blogs posted by us is shown so that we can make a count and post regularly and stay updated. 
These post are get saved in database and we can make updations at any time.

4. CONTACT: 
There is a conatct us link on the login page itself. If any user wants to contact to the management, they can easily contact by giving a call, sending email or directly approach to the office address.
User can also put query in wtite message section which is going to be saved to the database.

5. LOGOUT: 
after successfully loggin and posting blogs or posts, user can easily logged out of the webpage by simlply clicking on the profile button and then logout.



